Term	Definition-

AngularJS	An open-source JavaScript framework for dynamic web applications

Application Programming Interface (API)	Code that allows two software programs to communicate with each other.

Build Automation	Allow you to download dependencies, compile code, package binary code, run tests, deploy to production.

Build Automation Servers	Execute build-automation utilities on a scheduled or triggered basis.
  
Build Automation Utilities	Generate executables by compiling and linking code.
  
Continuous Integration/** Continuous Deployment (CI/CD)**	A method for releasing code and integrating it into code that has already been developed in order to prevent the application from breaking throughout the app’s lifecycle.

Django	A framework for Python web development.

Dynamic Content	Data that is created each time a request is sent to a server.

Endpoint	The point at which an API connects with the software program.

Frameworks	Provide a standard way to build an application. Frameworks dictate architecture and program flow.

IDE	“Integrated Development Environment” Helps create and manage code.

Inversion of Control	A predefined workflow where the developer is not in full control of how the application operates.

JavaScript Framework	An application framework written in JavaScript to create responsive sites.

LESS	“Learner Style Sheets” add more style and functions to CSS.

less.js	A JavaScript tool that converts LESS styles to CSS.

Libraries	Reusable collections of code

Opinionated	Frameworks that have a lot of control are sometimes considered “opinionated”.

Package Managers	Coordinate with file archivers to extract packages. Verify check sums and digital certificates. Locate, download, and install updates of existing software from a repository as well as manage dependencies. Common package managers include the following: Debian Package Management System (DPMS), Red Hat Package Manager for Linux, Chocolatery for Windows, Homebrew and MacPorts for MacOS.

Packages	Archive files that include app files, instructions for installation, and metadata.

React.js	A JavaScript framework developed by Facebook that helps build and drop elements onto a page.

Responsive Design	Design technique that automatically resizes a display to adapt to a specific screen size.

Route	Allows front-end client to plug into correct socket on the backend. They are the paths that network traffic takes from a virtual machine (VM) instance to other destinations.

SASS	“Syntactically Awesome Stylesheets” are an extension of CSS.

Static Content	A display of data that has been previously stored on a server.

Version Control	Allows you to revert to earlier versions of code, resolves conflicts between the same files, and split and merge different code branches.

Vue.js	A community-based JavaScript framework focused on UI. Includes UI components such as buttons and other visual elements, and is both a library and a framework.
